c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\childs_stats_sync.exe.config
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\client_secret.json
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\childs_stats_sync.exe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\childs_stats_sync.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\obj\Debug\childs_stats_sync.exe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\obj\Debug\childs_stats_sync.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\childs_stats_sync\childs_stats_sync\obj\Debug\childs_stats_sync.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
